Virtual U Public Source License

1. Definitions.
"Virtual U" means collectively the following specific parties associated
with the Virtual U project (www.virtual-u.org): The Alfred P. Sloan
Foundation, Enlight Software, Jackson Hole Higher Education Group, Anker
Publishing, Digitalmill, Inc.

This License applies to any program or other work which Virtual U
("Virtual U") makes publicly available and which contains a notice
placed by Virtual U identifying such program or work as "Original Code"
and stating that it is subject to the terms of this Virtual U Public
Source License ("License").

"Contributor" means any person or entity that creates or contributes to
the creation of modifications of the source code.

"Covered Code" means the Original Code and related graphics, sound and
music files, Modifications, the combination of Original Code and any
Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof.

"Deploy" means to use, sublicense or distribute Covered Code other than
for non-profit Academic use, internal research and development (R&D) or
Personal Use.

"Larger Work" means a work that combines Covered Code or portions
thereof with additional code not governed by the terms of this License.

"Modifications" mean any addition to, deletion from, and/or change to,
the substance and/or structure of the Original Code, any previous
Modifications, the combination of Original Code and any previous
Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof. When code is
released as a series of files, a Modification is: (a) any addition to or
deletion from the contents of a file containing Covered Code; and/or (b)
any new file or other representation of computer program statements that
contains any part of Covered Code. 

"Original Code" means (a) the Source Code of a program or other work as
originally made available by Virtual U under this License, including the
Source Code of any updates or upgrades to such programs or works made
available by Virtual U under this License, and that has been expressly
identified by Virtual U as such in the header file(s) of such work; and
(b) the object code compiled from such Source Code and originally made
available by Virtual U under this License.

1.7 "Personal and Academic Use" means use of Covered Code by an
individual solely for his or her personal, private and non-commercial
purposes or non-commercial academic purposes. An individual's use of
Covered Code in his or her capacity as an officer, employee, member,
independent contractor or agent of a commercial corporation, business or
organization does not qualify as Personal Use.

"Source Code" means the human readable form of a program or other work
that is suitable for making modifications to it, including all modules
it contains including graphics, sound and music, plus any associated
interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and
installation of an executable (object code).

"You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights
under this License. 

2. Permitted Uses; Conditions & Restrictions. 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Virtual U hereby
grants You, effective on the date You accept this License and download
the Original Code, a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to
the extent of Virtual U's Applicable Patent Rights and copyrights
covering the Original Code, to do the following:

2.1 You may use, reproduce, display, perform, modify and distribute
Original Code, with or without Modifications, solely for Your internal
research and development and/or Personal or Non-Commercial Academic Use,
provided that in each instance:

(a) You must retain and reproduce in all copies of Original Code the
copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of Virtual U as
they appear in the Original Code, and keep intact all notices in the
Original Code that refer to this License; and 

(b) You must include a copy of this License with every copy of Source
Code of Covered Code and documentation You distribute, and You may not
offer or impose any terms on such Source Code that alter or restrict
this License or the recipients' rights hereunder.

2.2 You may use, reproduce, display, perform, modify and Deploy Covered
Code, provided that in each instance:

(a) You must satisfy all the conditions of Section 2.1 with respect to
the Source Code of the Covered Code;

(b) You must duplicate, to the extent it does not already exist, the
notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code of all Your
Modifications, and cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
stating that You changed the files and the date of any change;

(c) You must make Source Code of all Your Deployed Modifications
publicly available under the terms of this License, including the
license grants set forth in Section 3 below, for as long as you Deploy
the Covered Code. 

(d) if You Deploy Covered Code in object code, executable form only, You
must include a prominent notice in the code itself as well as in an
accompanying readme.txt file, stating that Source Code of the Covered
Code is available under the terms of this License at www.virtual-u.org

2.3 You expressly acknowledge and agree that although Virtual U and each
Contributor grants the licenses to their respective portions of the
Covered Code set forth herein, no assurances are provided by Virtual U
or any Contributor that the Covered Code does not infringe the patent or
other intellectual property rights of any other entity.

Virtual U and each Contributor disclaim any liability to You for claims
brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual
property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights
and licenses granted hereunder, You hereby assume sole responsibility to
secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any to
distribute your code.

3. Your Grants.
In consideration of, and as a condition to, the licenses granted to You
under this License You hereby grant to Virtual U and all third parties a
non-exclusive, royalty-free license, under Your Applicable Patent Rights
and other intellectual property rights (other than patent) owned or
controlled by You, to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify,
distribute and Deploy Your Modifications of the same scope and extent as
Virtual U's licenses under Sections 2.1 and 2.2; and 4. Larger Works.
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code
not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work
as a single product. In each such instance, You must make sure the
requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code or any
portion thereof.

5. Limitations on Patent License.
Except as expressly stated in Section 2, no other patent rights, express
or implied, are granted by Virtual U herein. Modifications and/or Larger
Works may require additional patent licenses from Virtual U which
Virtual U may grant in its sole discretion.

6. Additional Terms.
At no time does acceptance of these terms or use of Covered Code grant
You the right to any technical support or other support for the Covered
Code or Modifications including any binary forms by Virtual U or its
contributors. 

7. Versions of the License.
Virtual U may publish revised and/or new versions of this License from
time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version
number. Once Original Code has been published under a particular version
of this License, You may continue to use it under the terms of that
version. You may also choose to use such Original Code under the terms
of any subsequent version of this License published by Virtual U. No one
other than Virtual U has the right to modify the terms applicable to
Covered Code created under this License.

8. NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT.
The Covered Code may contain in whole or in part pre-release, untested,
or not fully tested works. The Covered Code may contain errors that
could cause failures or loss of data, and may be incomplete or contain
inaccuracies. You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the
Covered Code, or any portion thereof, is at Your sole and entire risk.
THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR
SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND VIRTUAL U AND VIRTUAL U'S LICENSOR(S)
(COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "VIRTUAL U" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 8
AND 9) AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR
CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET
ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. VIRTUAL U AND EACH
CONTRIBUTOR DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF
THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL
MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE
CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY VIRTUAL U,
AN VIRTUAL U AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE A
WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the Covered Code is not intended for use
in the operation of any machines in which case the failure of the
Covered Code could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or
environmental damage.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL VIRTUAL U OR ANY
CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF,
WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VIRTUAL U OR SUCH
CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no
event shall Virtual U's total liability to You for all damages (other
than as may be required by applicable law) under this License exceed the
amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).

10. Trademarks.
This License does not grant any rights to use the trademarks or trade
names "Virtual U ", "Digitalmill", "Enlight Software", "The Alfred P.
Sloan Foundation", "Jackson Hole Higher Education Group (JHHEG)" and any
other trademarks or trade names belonging to Virtual U (collectively
"Virtual U Marks") or to any trademark or trade name belonging to any
Contributor. No Virtual U Marks may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from the Original Code unless otherwise permitted in
writing by the appropriate trademark holder.

11. Ownership.
Subject to the licenses granted under this License, each Contributor
retains all rights, title and interest in and to any Modifications made
by such Contributor. Virtual U retains all rights, title and interest in
and to the Original Code and any Modifications made by or on behalf of
Virtual U ("Virtual U Modifications"), and such Virtual U Modifications
will not be automatically subject to this License. Virtual U may, at its
sole discretion, choose to license such Virtual U Modifications under
this License, or on different terms from those contained in this License
or may choose not to license them at all. 

12. Termination.
12.1 Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will
terminate:

(a) automatically without notice from Virtual U if You fail to comply
with any term(s) of this License and fail to cure such breach within 30
days of becoming aware of such breach; 

(b) immediately in the event of the circumstances described in Section
13.4(b); or

(c) automatically without notice from Virtual U if You, at any time
during the term of this License, commence an action for patent
infringement against Virtual U.

12.2 Effect of Termination. Upon termination, You agree to immediately
stop any further use, reproduction, modification, sublicensing and
distribution of the Covered Code and to destroy all copies of the
Covered Code that are in your possession or control. All sublicenses to
the Covered Code which have been properly granted prior to termination
shall survive any termination of this License. 

Provisions which, by their nature, should remain in effect beyond the
termination of this License shall survive, including but not limited to
Sections 3, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.2 and 13. No party will be liable to any
other for compensation, indemnity or damages of any sort solely as a
result of terminating this License in accordance with its terms, and
termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right
or remedy of any party.

13. Miscellaneous.
13.1 Relationship of Parties. This License will not be construed as
creating an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of
legal association between or among You, Virtual U or any Contributor,
and You will not represent to the contrary, whether expressly, by
implication, appearance or otherwise.

13.2 Independent Development. Nothing in this License will impair
Virtual U's right to acquire, license, develop, have others develop for
it, market and/or distribute technology or products that perform the
same or similar functions as, or otherwise compete with, Modifications,
Larger Works, technology or products that You may develop, produce,
market or distribute.

13.3 Waiver; Construction. Failure by Virtual U or any Contributor to
enforce any provision of this License will not be deemed a waiver of
future enforcement of that or any other provision. Any law or regulation
which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed
against the drafter will not apply to this License.

13.4 Severability. (a) If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision of this License, or portion thereof, to
be unenforceable, that provision of the License will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible so as to effect the economic benefits and
intent of the parties, and the remainder of this License will continue
in full force and effect. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
applicable law prohibits or restricts You from fully and/or specifically
complying with Sections 2 and/or 3 or prevents the enforceability of
either of those Sections, this License will immediately terminate and
You must immediately discontinue any use of the Covered Code and destroy
all copies of it that are in your possession or control.

13.5 Dispute Resolution. Any litigation or other dispute resolution
between You and Virtual U relating to this License shall take place in
the New York State, and You and Virtual U hereby consent to the personal
jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state and federal courts within that
District with respect to this License. The application of the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
expressly excluded.

13.6 Entire Agreement; Governing Law. This License constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof. This License shall be governed by the laws of the United States
and the State of New York, except that body of New York law concerning
conflicts of law. 

EXHIBIT A.
"Portions Copyright (c) 1999-2001 Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, Jackson
Hole Higher Education Group and Enlight Software, Inc. All Rights
Reserved."

This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of Original Code
as defined in and that are subject to the Virtual U Public Source
License Version 1.2 (the 'License'). You may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.virtual-u.org/publicsource/sourceagreement1.html and read it
before using this file.

PLEASE NOTE: The developers of Virtual U including: Enlight Software,
The Jackson Hole Higher Education Group, The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation,
Anker Publishing and Digitalmill, Inc. at no time will provide any
technical support or other support for the Covered Code or Modifications
including any binary forms. 

For publicly available product source support visit
http://www.virtual-u.org/publicsource/ 

The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THE ALFRED P. SLOAN FOUNDATION, ENLIGHT
SOFTWARE, JACKSON HOLE HIGHER EDUCATION GROUP and DIGITALMILL, Inc.
HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET
ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please see the License for the specific
language governing rights and limitations under the License.

Please read the terms of this license carefully. By clicking on the
"Yes, I Accept" button below you are accepting and agreeing to the terms
of this license with Virtual U Computer, Inc. If you are agreeing to
this license on behalf of a company, you represent that you are
authorized to bind the company to such a license. If you do not meet
this criterion or you do not agree to any of the terms of this license,
please click on the "No, I Reject" button below or use your browser's
Back button to exit this page. 
